[Docs][KubeRay] Update RayJob doc for backoffLimit and DELETE_RAYJOB_CR_AFTER_JOB_FINISHES (#47445)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/cluster/kubernetes/getting-started/rayjob-quick-start.md

  * `jobId` (Optional): Defines the submission ID for the Ray job. If not provided, KubeRay generates one automatically. See {ref}`Ray Jobs CLI API Reference <ray-job-submission-cli-ref>` for more details about the submission ID.
  * `metadata` (Optional): See {ref}`Ray Jobs CLI API Reference <ray-job-submission-cli-ref>` for more details about the `--metadata-json` option.
  * `entrypointNumCpus` / `entrypointNumGpus` / `entrypointResources` (Optional): See {ref}`Ray Jobs CLI API Reference <ray-job-submission-cli-ref>` for more details.

>   * `backoffLimit` (Optional, added in version 1.2.0): Specifies the number of retries before marking this job failed. Each retry creates a new RayCluster. The default value is 0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `backoffLimit` (Optional, added in version 1.2.0): Specifies the number of retries before marking this RayJob failed. Each retry creates a new RayCluster. The default value is 0.
```

    * Example: `ray job submit --address=http://$RAY_DASHBOARD_ADDRESS --submission-id=$RAY_JOB_SUBMISSION_ID ...`
    * See [ray-job.sample.yaml](https://github.com/ray-project/kuberay/blob/master/ray-operator/config/samples/ray-job.sample.yaml) for more details.
  * `submitterConfig` (Optional): Additional configurations for the submitter Kubernetes Job.
    * `backOffLimit` (Optional): The number of retries before marking the submitter Job as failed. The default value is 2.
* Automatic resource cleanup
  * `shutdownAfterJobFinishes` (Optional): Determines whether to recycle the RayCluster after the Ray job finishes. The default value is false.
  * `ttlSecondsAfterFinished` (Optional): Only works if `shutdownAfterJobFinishes` is true. The KubeRay operator deletes the RayCluster and the submitter `ttlSecondsAfterFinished` seconds after the Ray job finishes. The default value is 0.
  * `activeDeadlineSeconds` (Optional): If the RayJob doesn't transition the `JobDeploymentStatus` to `Complete` or `Failed` within `activeDeadlineSeconds`, the KubeRay operator transitions the `JobDeploymentStatus` to `Failed`, citing `DeadlineExceeded` as the reason.

>   * `DELETE_RAYJOB_CR_AFTER_JOB_FINISHES` (Optional): If this environment variable is set to true, the RayJob custom resource itself will be deleted if `shutdownAfterJobFinishes` is also set to true. Note that all resources created by the RayJob will be deleted, including the K8s Job.

Reviewer: I think this environment variable should be set in the KubeRay operator, not the CR. Could we clarify that?

Author: Done.

>   * `DELETE_RAYJOB_CR_AFTER_JOB_FINISHES` (Optional, added in version 1.2.0): This environment variable should be set for the KubeRay operator, not the RayJob resource. If this environment variable is set to true, the RayJob custom resource itself will be deleted if `shutdownAfterJobFinishes` is also set to true. Note that all resources created by the RayJob will be deleted, including the K8s Job.

Reviewer 2: I find it still confusing to add DELETE_RAYJOB_CR_AFTER_JOB_FINISHES here, because the other entries are for RayJob API where-as this is an environment variable in kuberay. 

Maybe it's time for a dedicated section in the kubray installation docs about environment variables?

Author: Agreed. But I don't find a good place to put the kuberay-related configuration. @kevin85421 @andrewsykim where do you recommend to put them?

Reviewer 2: Maybe not a blocker for this PR, but we should consider a "Configuring KubeRay" page. There are other enviornment variables that are not documented yet

Reviewer: open an issue https://github.com/ray-project/kuberay/issues/2356 to track the progress.

>   * `DELETE_RAYJOB_CR_AFTER_JOB_FINISHES` (Optional, added in version 1.2.0): This environment variable should be set for the KubeRay operator, not the RayJob resource. If this environment variable is set to true, the RayJob custom resource itself will be deleted if `shutdownAfterJobFinishes` is also set to true. Note that all resources created by the RayJob will be deleted, including the K8s Job.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  * `DELETE_RAYJOB_CR_AFTER_JOB_FINISHES` (Optional, added in version 1.2.0): Set this environment variable for the KubeRay operator, not the RayJob resource. If you set this environment variable to true, the RayJob custom resource itself is deleted if you also set `shutdownAfterJobFinishes` to true. Note that KubeRay deletes all resources created by the RayJob, including the Kubernetes Job.
```
